Product Stuff to worry about
    gmail tries to parse dates, they are not confident enough to push it into your calendar.  Why should i be able to do it automatically when they can't?   
        Answer: there are no accepted patterns in GMail, mail comes from anywhere
        I can detect if the note was written in a tool, or if we are confident of a date
        I can also limit the dates we accept and encourage users via feedback to learn those

    vim has a huge amount of commands for navigating and cleaning up text.  Why do I think I can do that automatically?
        I am not trying to be as "clean" as vim.  Just a little better than what users have/
        
Product Vision
    undo.io is a web notepad where you bake your ideas.   it enables you to create notes that can ultimately be used to communicate with others and helps you think about what you are writing before you publish it and before it gets too frozen.  It is where you go before you start working in email, blog, twitter, or other publishing tools.


    lite office suite:
        Email
        Notes
        Slides
        Database (need to figure these out)
        Excel?? (csv / tsv?)
   
    web content should start as notes.  Notes are only text.  
        Text is the DNA of the internet, it contains the raw ideas, it can mutate, it is the building blocks for everything else you do online

    Pattern is:
        Create or copy Notes -> Edit / Revise / Decide -> Do Something

        Meetings
            Have a meeting -> Write some notes -> Get consensus -> Take actions
        Blogs
            Write some notes -> Create a draft -> Publish blog
        Project ideas
            Write some notes -> drafts, edit / revise -> email / share doc / post on wiki
        Slides
            Write some notes -> draft an outline -> Create a powerpoint
        Tweets
            Write some notes -> draft some tweets -> push to witter
        Recipes 
            Copy a recipe -> tweak it -> cook something
        Todo lists
            Notes - What am i doing today? -> Prioritize -> Do Tasks
        More
            Political discussions, recipes, how-to guides
            
   Why just text?
        As documents get more "formatted", and more ready for sharing, they become more fixed
            Compare:
                Editing a text file vs
                    Editing a word doc
                    Editing a google doc
                    Editing a PPTX
                    Editing an email
            Which is easier?
                Text.
                Why?
                    No fighting with formatting
                    Easy diffs
                    Works on any device
                    Transportable via any web mechanism:
                        Email
                        Chat
                        Dropbox
                        Most web tools:
                            OneNote/Evernote/Word/GDocs/etc
   
   Product Risks
        People might just love formatting more than I think they do
        They might be unwilling to switch from their existing toolsets because of invested time

   How to acquire users?
       Low barrier to entry amongs users - most willing to "try" notes tools
            Simple text format reduces learning curve
            Dropbox sync addresses resistance to "data lockup"

        In future, add options to make this even easier:
            Import from evernote, text, oneNote, GDocs, etc
                All have APIs and have professed to keep your data "free"

       Phase 1: Viral Via email
        users will share notes via tool.
        if you receive an email via the tool, you will have those notes automatically stored, organized and available.
        If someone emails you a note via this tool:
            x% will sign up
            y% will write notes
            z% will share with others


       Phase 2: SEO / Social Media - Generate Unique / original content
           users will be creating notes - which are unique, original, timely content on many topics
           users will share via social channels
           Published notes will be available read-only to new visitors
           Call to action will be to "file", "copy" this note   

       Phase 3: Increase engagement via Inline discussion and commenting
           Encourage debate and discussion of hard topics via tool.  Replies inline, instead of top-posting or bottom-posting.  Change the tenor of discussions on the web
          This will be available immediately from email on private notes 

        Other ideas:
            Browser extension - clip just the text of a page to note, summarize, edit etc
                like evernote, pinterest, etc

            Social Media Integrations
                Use FB/Twitter/LI links to grow user base
                Auto tweets

    Business model?
        Most likely a freemium model, with enterprise users being targeted for a subscription
            Corporate users will see value in email replacements and productivity
            They may pay for enterprise features such as:
                Group features
                    Manage groups of users via exisitng LDAP tools or custom console
                    security models
                       ACLs for locking down access to sensitive documents
                        
                Integration with other tools:
                    MS Office
                    Salesforce.com
                    etc

            Risks:
                I have no data to support this yet.  Just what I've seen from experience and gut.

        Other options:
            Text mine notes for your intentions (vacation planning, financial whatever)  Show offers to users.  
                Risks: Highly dependent on huge audience
                        Big dev effort to build targeting system
                        Unlikely to be meaningful in less than 24 montsh 
                Todo:
                    Test the lite version out with Adsense to see if there's anything there

           Media business
                If content created on platform is compelling and creates it's own gravitational pull, then advertisers will want access to the user base. 
                Risks:
                    I have no idea if the content that gets published is going to be any good, or even if people will publish it. 

         
How is this disruptive?

    Emergence of open source collaborative technologies 
        NodeJS, WebSockets
      Collaboration tech has gotten incredibly cheap and accessible (think NodeJS and WebSockets)  You can replication GDocs collaboration in 4 lines of code.  OneNote collaboration is awful.  Evernote's is non-existent. 

    Cut out formatting and associated development efforts
        All these tools have built rich clients that have huge dev efforts.  Much of that work is around formatting and display of text.  By making this text-only, I don't have to build fancy editors on every version of every device in html, ios, chrome etc.
     
   Why not evernote?
    Evernote is a single-user tool.  Heavy clients, lots of formatting.  Designed to capture every kind of informaiton (notes, pictures, sounds, etc).  Not a collaboration tool.  Does lots of things - main value is "use on any device" and consistent interface.  Feature bloat and lack of organization make it feel like MS Office.  Not light - symbol is an elephant and there's no focus on editing and revising.  Just keeping everything forever.  
    
     
    Why not GDocs?
        GDocs is All search, no browse.  Browsing is important for brainstorming, organizing, synthesizing.  Search is GDocs is not complicated, can be replicated with SOLR.  Everyone I know feels like their GDocs is a mess after a while, and you can only find things via search.  Killer feature on GDocs is collaborative edting.  They killed wave, there are a ton of services that do this open source (see ShareJS)   
       GDocs uses HTML (or some variant) for storing source data.  Makes editing on mobile devices hard.  By limiting format to just text I can endrun this problem.  Any editor will work; keep your notes in vim or org-mode emacs or TextMate or Word.   
         
